**CASH Music Terms of Service**  
Last Updated: January 30, 2013  
  
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY.  BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITES, MOBILE 
APPLICATIONS OR OTHER ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR APPLICATIONS, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.  IF YOU DO NOT 
AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITES, MOBILE APPLICATIONS OR OTHER ONLINE OR MOBILE 
PRODUCTS.

These Terms of Service ("Terms") apply to your access to, and use of, the websites, mobile 
applications or other online or mobile products, services or applications (collectively, the 
"Services") of CASH Music ("CASH Music" or "we").  These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or 
conditions of any other agreement you may have with CASH Music for products, services or otherwise.  
If you are using the Services on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are 
authorized to accept these Terms on such entity's behalf and that such entity agrees to be 
responsible to us if you violate these Terms.

CASH Music reserves the right to change or modify these Terms at any time and in our sole 
discretion.  If CASH Music makes changes to these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes, 
such as by sending an email, by providing notice through the Services or by updating the Last 
Updated date at the top of these Terms.  Your continued use of the Services will confirm your 
acceptance of the revised Terms.  We encourage you to frequently review the Terms to ensure that you 
understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Services.  If you do not agree to 
any amended Terms, you must stop using the Services.
  

##Privacy Policy 
Please refer to our Privacy Policy [**cashmusic.org/privacy**](http://cashmusic.org/privacy/) for 
information about how CASH Music collects, uses, and discloses information about our users. 
  

##Eligibility, Registration and Account
The Services are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13.  If you 
are between the ages of 13 and 18, or the age of legal majority under applicable law, you may only 
use the Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these 
Terms.  By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you (a) have not been previously 
suspended or removed from the Services; (b) do not have more than one online account with CASH 
Music; and (c) have full power and authority to enter into this agreement and that, in doing so, you 
will not violate any other agreement to which you are a party.

In order to access and use certain areas or features  of the Services, you may be required to 
register for an online account or to provide a name and email address.  When registering for an 
account or providing a name and email address, you cannot create an account name or use a name and 
email address that incorporates a trademark without authorization from the trademark owner.  We 
reserve the right to reclaim account names on behalf of any business or individual that holds legal 
claim, including trademark rights, in those names.

In consideration of your use of the Services, you agree to (w) provide accurate, current and 
complete account information; (x) maintain and promptly update your account information; (y) 
maintain the security of your password and accept all risks of unauthorized access to your 
account and the information you provide to CASH Music; and (z) promptly notify CASH Music if you 
discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Services.
  

##Additional Terms
We may offer the ability to purchase subscriptions to our Services.  In the event that you choose to 
purchase a subscription, you may be subject to additional terms, which are hereby incorporated by 
reference.  In the event of any conflict between these Terms and such additional terms, the 
additional terms shall govern.
  

##Copyright and Limited License 
Unless otherwise indicated on the Services or otherwise by CASH Music, the Services and all content 
and other materials therein, including, without limitation, the CASH Music logo and all designs, 
text, graphics, pictures, information, data, software, sound files, other files and the selection 
and arrangement thereof (collectively, "Content") are the proprietary property of CASH Music or our 
licensors or users and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.  

You are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, non-sublicensable license to access and use the 
Services and Content; however, such license is subject to these Terms and does not include (a) any 
resale or commercial use of the Services or the Content therein; (b) the collection and use of any 
product or service listings, pictures or descriptions; (c) the distribution, public performance or 
public display of any Content; (d) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Services 
or the Content, or any portion thereof; (e) use of any data mining, robots or similar data gathering 
or extraction methods; (f) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of the Services, 
the Content or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted on the Services; and 
(g) any use of the Services or the Content other than for their intended purposes.  Any use of the 
Services or the Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written 
permission of CASH Music, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein.  
Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including without limitation copyright and 
trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes.  Unless explicitly stated 
herein or otherwise by CASH Music, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any 
license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.  
This license is revocable at any time.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, the Services and Content may include 
software components provided by CASH Music or a third party that are subject to separate license 
terms, in which case those license terms will govern such software components.
  
  
##Repeat Infringer Policy; Copyright Complaints
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable laws, CASH 
Music has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and in CASH Music's sole 
discretion, account holders or other users of the Services who are deemed to be repeat infringers.  
CASH Music may also, in our sole discretion, limit access to the Services and/or terminate the 
accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there 
is any repeat infringement.

If you believe that anything on the Services infringes any copyright which you own or control, you 
may file a notification of such infringement with our designated agent as set forth below:

**Name of Designated Agent:**  Maggie Vail  
**Address:**  6427 Northeast Sixth Avenue, Portland, Oregon 97211  
**Phone:**  425-830-7617  
**Fax:**  866-729-9056  
**Email:**  maggie@cashmusic.com  

Please see [**17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3)**](http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/512) for the 
requirements of a proper notification.  You should also note that if you knowingly make any material 
misrepresentation in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be 
liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer 
as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the 
material or activity claimed to be infringing.
  
  
##Trademarks 
"CASH Music" and the CASH Music logo and any other CASH Music product or service names, logos or 
slogans that may appear on the Services are trademarks of CASH Music in the United States and in 
other countries, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior 
written permission of CASH Music or the applicable trademark holder.  You may not use any metatags 
or other "hidden text" utilizing "CASH Music" or any other name, trademark or product or service 
name of CASH Music without our prior written permission.  In addition, the look and feel of the 
Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service 
mark, trademark and/or trade dress of CASH Music and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole 
or in part, without our prior written permission.  All other trademarks, registered trademarks, 
product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their 
respective owners.  Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by name, 
trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship 
or recommendation by CASH Music.
  

##Hyperlinks 
CASH Music makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the 
quality, content, nature or reliability of third-party websites accessible by hyperlink from the 
Services, or websites linking to the Services.  Such sites are not under the control of CASH Music, 
and CASH Music is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a 
linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites.  CASH Music provides these links to 
you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement or 
adoption by CASH Music of any site or any information contained therein.  When you leave the 
Services, you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern.  You should review the 
applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which 
you navigate from the Services. 
  

##Third Party Content
CASH Music may provide third party content on the Services and may provide links to web pages and 
content of third parties (collectively, "Third Party Content") as a service to those interested in 
this information.  CASH Music does not control, endorse or adopt any Third Party Content and makes 
no representation or warranties of any kind regarding the Third Party Content, including without 
limitation regarding its accuracy or completeness.  You acknowledge and agree that CASH Music is not 
responsible or liable in any manner for any Third Party Content and undertakes no responsibility to 
update or review any Third Party Content.  Users use such Third Party Content contained therein at 
their own risk. 
  

##Third-Party Products, Services and Promotions
CASH Music may run promotions from third parties on the Services or may otherwise provide 
information about or links to third-party products or services on the Services. Your business 
dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, such third parties, and any 
terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are 
solely between you and such third party.  CASH Music is not responsible or liable for any loss or 
damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or promotions or as the result of the 
presence of third-party information on the Services. 
  

##User Content and Interactive Features or Areas
The Services may include discussion forums, blogs or other interactive features or areas in which 
you or other users create, post, transmit or store content, including but not limited to text, 
music, sound, photos, video, graphics, code and other items or materials (collectively, "User 
Content").  Some User Content is publicly-viewable and may include your profile information and any 
content you post pursuant to your profile.  You agree that you are solely responsible for your User 
Content and for your use of such interactive areas, and that you use them at your own risk.

By using the interactive areas of the Services, you agree not to post, upload to, transmit, 
distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through the Services any of the following:

 - User Content that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, 
   suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, 
   inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;

 - User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, 
   violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, 
   state, national or international law;

 - User Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other 
   intellectual or proprietary right of any party.  By posting any User Content, you represent and 
   warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such User Content;

 - User Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation 
   with a person or entity;

 - Unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;

 - Viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; or

 - User Content that, in the sole judgment of CASH Music, is objectionable or which restricts or 
   inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services, or which may expose CASH Music or 
   our users to any harm or liability of any type.
  
You further agree that you will not violate any law, contract, intellectual property or other 
third-party right or commit a tort, and that you are solely responsible for your conduct while on 
the Services.  You agree that you will abide by these Terms and will not: 

 - Use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit 
   other users from fully enjoying the Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair 
   the functioning of the Services in any manner;

 - Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, spam, 
   junk mail, chain letters or pyramid schemes, or harvest or collect the email addresses or other 
   contact information of other users from the Services for the purpose of sending spam or other 
   commercial messages;

 - Use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided by us 
   to access the Services or to extract data;

 - Use or attempt to use another's account without authorization from such user and CASH Music;

 - Attempt to circumvent any content filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access any service 
   or area of the Services that you are not authorized to access;

 - Attempt to indicate in any manner that you have a relationship with us or that we have endorsed 
   you or any products or services for any purpose;

 - Engage in any harassing, intimidating, predatory or stalking conduct;

 - Develop any third-party applications that interact with User Content and the Services without our 
   prior written consent; and

 - Use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose or engage in, encourage, or promote any 
   activity that violates these Terms.

CASH Music is not responsible or liable for the conduct of, or your interactions with, any users of 
the Services (whether online or offline), nor is CASH Music responsible or liable for any associated 
loss, damage, injury or harm.  Enforcement of these Terms is solely in CASH Music' discretion, and 
the absence of enforcement of these Terms in some instances does not constitute a waiver of CASH 
Music's right to enforce these Terms in other instances.  In addition, these Terms do not create any 
private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation or promise that 
the Services will not contain any content that is prohibited by these Terms.  As a provider of 
interactive services, CASH Music is not liable for any statements, representations or User Content 
provided by our users through the interactive area of the Services.  Although CASH Music has no 
obligation to screen, edit or monitor any User Content, CASH Music reserves the right, and has 
absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit any User Content posted or stored on the Services at 
any time and for any reason without notice, and you are solely responsible for creating backup 
copies of and replacing any User Content you post or store on the Services at your sole cost and 
expense.

Any use of the Services in violation of these Terms may result in, among other things, termination 
or suspension of your rights to use the Services.
  

##Rights in User Content
By submitting or posting User Content on the Services, you grant CASH Music a nonexclusive, 
royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, 
publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content 
for the sole purpose of providing the Services.

By posting User Content to the Services, you represent and warrant that (a) such User Content is 
non-confidential; (b) you own and control all of the rights to the User Content that you post or you 
otherwise have all necessary rights to post such User Content to the Services; (c) the User Content 
is accurate and not misleading or harmful in any manner; and (d) the User Content, and your use and 
posting thereof, does not and will not violate these Terms or any applicable law, rule or 
regulation.
  

##Submissions
Separate and apart from User Content, you can submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, 
notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information or materials about CASH Music, 
the Services or our other products and services ("Submissions").  Submissions, whether submitted 
through the Services or otherwise, are non-confidential and shall become the sole property of CASH 
Music.  CASH Music shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, in and to 
such Submissions and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these 
Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
  

##Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless CASH Music and our officers, agents, partners, 
employees, independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective 
directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities and 
expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to: 
(a) your use of the Services; (b) any User Content you post, upload, use, distribute, store or 
otherwise transmit on or through the Services; (c) any Submissions you provide; (d) your violation 
of these Terms; or (e) your violation of the rights of another.  
  

##Disclaimer 
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN A WRITING BY CASH MUSIC, THE SERVICES AND THE 
CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  CASH MUSIC DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE 
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SERVICES AND CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN.  CASH MUSIC DOES NOT 
REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT CONTENT ON THE SERVICES IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR 
ERROR-FREE.

CASH MUSIC IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR OMISSIONS RELATING TO PRICING, TEXT OR 
PHOTOGRAPHY.  WHILE CASH MUSIC ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES SAFE, CASH 
MUSIC CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITES OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES 
OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND 
DISINFECT VIRUSES FROM ANY DOWNLOAD.

CASH Music reserves the right to change any and all content contained in the Services and to modify, 
suspend or discontinue the Services or any features or functionality of the Services at any time 
without notice and without obligation or liability to you.  Reference to any products, services, 
processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does 
not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation 
therewith, by CASH Music.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied terms in 
contracts with consumer, so some or all of the disclaimers in this section may not apply to you.  
  

##Limitation of Liability 
IN NO EVENT SHALL CASH MUSIC, OUR DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, 
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT 
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH 
THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE 
SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY ANY USER 
ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM CASH MUSIC, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, 
DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY 
FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, 
DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO CASH MUSIC' RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL 
THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF CASH MUSIC, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, 
WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING 
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR TO THESE TERMS EXCEED ANY 
COMPENSATION YOU PAY, IF ANY, TO CASH MUSIC FOR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICES.  
  

##Modifications to the Services
CASH Music reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services or 
any features or portions thereof without prior notice.  You agree that CASH Music will not be liable 
for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services or any part thereof.
  

##Applicable Law; Arbitration
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH 
CASH MUSIC AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM CASH MUSIC.

You and CASH Music agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms or your use of the 
Services, except that you and CASH Music are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either 
party seeks equitable and other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade 
names, logos, trade secrets, or patents.  ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR FROM 
HAVING A JURY TRIAL.  You and CASH Music agree that you will notify each other in writing of any 
dispute within thirty (30) days of when it arises.  Notice to CASH Music shall be sent to CASH 
Music, P.O. Box 11937, Portland, Oregon 97211.  You and CASH Music further agree:  to attempt 
informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration; that any arbitration will occur in 
Multnomah County, Oregon; that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator 
in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association; and that the state or federal 
courts in  Multnomah County, Oregon have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration 
award and over any suit between the parties not subject to arbitration.  Other than class procedures 
and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would 
otherwise be available in court.  Any dispute between the parties will be governed by this Agreement 
and the laws of the State of Oregon and applicable United States law, without giving effect to any 
conflict of laws principles that may provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction.  
Whether the dispute is heard in arbitration or in court, you and CASH Music will not commence 
against the other a class action, class arbitration or other representative action or proceeding. 
  

##Termination 
Notwithstanding any of these Terms, CASH Music reserves the right, without notice and in our sole 
discretion, to terminate your right to use the Services, or any portion of thereof, and to block or 
prevent your future access to and use of the Services or any portion thereof. 
  

##Severability 
If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then 
that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and 
enforceability of any remaining provisions.